README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">

  <h3 align="center">Explore cities</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This project lets you explore cities that are near you for a quick fun getaway!
    <br />
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
* [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This project was created by ___ during the Fall 2020 session of Codubee. We built this project as a safe way to get people out of their homes and visiting local cities.  Covid has made it difficult to travel by air, so this tool explores cities within driving distance of a given zip code.


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Codubee/ExploreCitiesTTH4-6.git
```
2. Install NPM packages
```sh
npm install
```

<!-- AVAILABLE SCRIPTS -->
## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

updated readme with deployment and names

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">

  <h3 align="center">Explore cities</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This project lets you explore cities that are near you for a quick fun getaway!
    <br />
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
* [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This project was created by Aarushi Pandey, Gustavo Oviedo, Jerry Teng, Michael George, and Suleman Butta during the Fall 2020 session of Codubee. We built this project as a safe way to get people out of their homes and visiting local cities.  Covid has made it difficult to travel by air, so this tool explores cities within driving distance of a given zip code.


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Codubee/ExploreCitiesTTH4-6.git
```
2. Install NPM packages
```sh
npm install
```

3. Set up API KEYS in .env file in backend folder \
[WEATHER_KEY](https://www.weatherbit.io/api/weather-current) \
[YELP_KEY](https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v3/authentication)

<!-- AVAILABLE SCRIPTS -->
## Available Scripts

### Frontend Deployment

In the frontend directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\

### Backend Deployment

In the frontend directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs on [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)

### `npm test`

Runs a basic test using Mocha

Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
